>> Shirley Wu: So
let's start with data exploration.
So with data exploration,
what I try to do every single
time that I get a new data set,
whether from a client or for a personal
project, is to first look at the data.
List all of the data attributes that
are either relevant or important.
Ask questions, make hypotheses
from those data attributes.
And then,
explore the data using some simple charts.
And we'll use an observable notebook for
this, so
you can get the link from the site.
>> Shirley Wu: But,
so to use observable notebook,
here's a little bit more direction on
how to use an observable notebook.
So the observable notebook is
something built by Mike Bostock,
who is the creator of D3, as well as
a few other people in his company.
And I think it's really making kind
of developing, especially D3 and
visualizations in the browser, and having
that be kind of in a notebook format with
a lot of kind of process notes and
stuff, very easy.
But to be able to use this,
some of the basics,
there's definitely more
tutorials than this.
There's definitely more
how to's then this, but
I kinda boiled it down to
what we might need today.
So to be able to load any
external libraries you just say
d3 = require('d3'), or
any other modules that you want.
If you want to write text, to write
down notes, you just say markdown, md.
And then put your markdown
text into the backticks.
And to be able to set a global variable
that you can use in any other cell,
just yeah, globalVar is equal to
something, something, something.
To write a block of JavaScript code,
put it into curly braces.
And then to be able to
create an SVG element,
you want to say the svg = DOM.svg,
give it width, height.
And make sure to return
the svg in curly braces.
So that's kind of the basics of
how to use an observable notebook.
And we'll be using it during
our exercises later on.
But before we get into the exercises
of the data exploration,
I want to talk a little
bit about data types.
Because that's really, really important
to talking about basic charts and
what they're good for.